feat: split raw data storage into per-dataset SQLite files (#8219)
microsoft/Qcodes: docs/dataset/dataset_design.rst

SQLite database. This is not an intrinsic limitation of the dataset and
measurement layer. It is possible that at a future state support for writing
to a different backend will be added.

.. _sec:design_split_storage:

Split Raw Data Storage
======================

As the main SQLite database grows with many datasets, browsing experiments and

> loading metadata can become slower due to the file size. To address this,

Author: ```suggestion
managing the database file can become inconvenient due to the file size. To address this,
```

QCoDeS supports an optional **split raw data storage** mode (see
:ref:`sec:intro_split_raw_data` for user-facing details).

From a design perspective, this feature adds a thin routing layer inside the
``DataSet`` class without changing any public interfaces:

- A ``_data_conn`` property transparently returns either the main database
  connection or a per-dataset raw data connection, depending on the
  configuration.
- Write paths (``add_results``, ``_BackgroundWriter``) and read paths
  (``get_parameter_data``, ``DataSetCacheWithDBBackend``, ``number_of_results``,
  ``__len__``) all go through this single routing point.
- The per-dataset SQLite file is a lightweight database containing only the
  results table and numpy type adapters -- no QCoDeS metadata schema.
- Subscriber triggers (used for real-time data callbacks) are created on the
  data connection so that they fire regardless of which database holds the
  results table.

> The implementation is contained in ``qcodes.dataset.raw_data_storage`` (helper

Author: Addressed in ae3c879a6 - fixed the module path to `qcodes.dataset._raw_data_storage`.
